Modify link to workload cluster release notes (#842)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/general/releases/index.md

You have several options to inspect workload cluster release details:

> - We announce new workload cluster releases in your Slack support channel. There you will find a link to the according release notes in our [changes and releases]({{< relref "/changes" >}}) section here in the docs site. Here you also find comprehensive release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We announce new workload cluster releases in your Slack support channel. In each announcement, you will find a link to the corresponding release notes in our [changes and releases]({{< relref "/changes" >}}) section here on the docs site, where you also find comprehensive release notes.
```

Author: Thanks! Always glad for language corrections by those who should know better :)
